Cousin, won't you just get divorced for a month?
Just live with another man
Xia Qing, what are you talking about?
I'm already married.
This is legal cohabitation
Humph
cousin
I can't believe you are such a slutty woman!
Xia Qing, pay attention to your words
Dare to do it and dare not let people say it
As soon as I got divorced, I immediately found a man
Cousin, you really don't pick
I'll help you if the box is heavy or not.
Cousin, this is your new husband
I seem to know him
He's an ophthalmologist at Fengchen Hospital
What is it called? It's a side job.
Cousin, he is the one who cured your eyes, right?
Doesn't look too good.
Do you get 20,000 a month?
My monthly salary is 15,000
Haha, it's only fifteen thousand.
Cousin, are you too empty and lonely?
Raised a little white face
You paid for the rent, right?
Xia Qing, show me some respect
You have a bad eye for men
It's not like I've carefully selected to introduce it to you.
This is my boyfriend Xu Baichuan
Well, he is the son of the Pangu Group
The son of the national guardian Su Luye humph